document that keyword arguments actually affect method dispatch (#61886)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/manual/methods.md

with keyword arguments processed after the matching method is identified.

!!! warning "Known bug: the presence of keyword arguments affects dispatch"
    Due to a long-standing bug ([#9498](https://github.com/JuliaLang/julia/issues/9498)),
    a call that supplies keyword arguments only considers methods that accept keyword
    arguments. This can select a less specific method over a more specific one that
    accepts no keywords:

    ```julia
    julia> f(x; y=10) = "generic";

    julia> f(x::Int) = "int-specific";

    julia> f(1)
    "int-specific"

    julia> f(1; y=2)  # bug: bypasses the more specific method
    "generic"
    ```

    Relatedly, redefining a method without keyword arguments does not replace the keyword
    handling of an earlier definition with the same positional signature, even though only
    one method is displayed:

    ```julia
    julia> g(x; y=1) = "with keywords";

    julia> g(x) = "without keywords";

    julia> g
    g (generic function with 1 method)

    julia> g(1)
    "without keywords"

    julia> g(1; y=2)  # bug: calls the overwritten definition
    "with keywords"
    ```

>     This may be fixed in a future release, so avoid relying on it. To keep a specialized

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This warning is descriptive, not prescriptive, and code should not rely on this behavior. To keep a specialized
```
